#summary Soiled's features.
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

Soiled is a mud client, but it is also a good enough terminal emulator and telnet implementation for it to connect to most telnet servers.
Some of the features described here might only be available in the trunk version, not in the latest released version.

= Details =

  * Uses the TELNET protocol.  Understands ECHO, ENDOFRECORD, SUPRESS GO AHEAD, TERMINAL TYPE and NAWS TELNET options, answers DONT/WONT on other options.
  * Understands LF and CR like they are supposed to work.
  * Has local line editing using the emacs key bindings (CTRL-A, B, D, E, F, K, L, U and W).
  * Sends cursor keys, F1-F12, PGUP, PGDN, HOME and END to the server. Cursor keys can be sent in both application and "normal" mode.
  * Supports the following VT100/VT102 control functions: SM, RM, DECALN, DECAWM, DECSET, DECRST, DECSTBM, CUU, CUD, CUF, CUB, CUP, HVP, IND, RI, NEL, DECSC, DECRC, DECPAM, DECKPNM, SCS, SGR, HTS, TBC, EL, ED, DCH, IL, DL, DA, DECID, RI, RIS, DECOM, IRM, LNM, FF and VT.
  * Understands xterm's 256 colour sequences.
  * char-by-char mode, sort off... When local echo is turned off, it operates in char-by-char mode.
  * Works as a client to most MUD servers and one can play !NetHack with DECGraphics via it. :-)
  * Basic scrollback buffer. Use shift + PGUP/PGDN to look at previous output.
  * Copy & Paste.
  * Aliases/macros. There is basic support for aliases & macros, but nothing fancy yet.
  * Internal commands can be viewed with: /help
  * Command/ctrl clicking an URL will open it in the browser.
  * TAB expansion of previously entered commands/words.
