#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= Introduction =

Add your content here.


= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages
#summary A TELNET TCP server to test clients.

= The MUD Client Test Server. =

MCTS is a TCP server, written in C, that can be used to develop/test telnet/mud clients. It is quite simple, but it has enough commands to test most features of a client with ease.

Compile the code with "make" and then run the "mcts" binary. It takes
an optional argument, the port it should bind to, the default is 5445.

Connect to the port with a telnet/mud client. Send "help" to get
a list of understood commands.

= Features =

These RFCs are implemented:
 *   854 - Telnet Protocol Specification.
 *   855 - Telnet Option Specification.
 *   857 - Telnet Echo Option
 *   858 - Telnet Suppress Go Ahead Option
 *   860 - Telnet Timing Mark Option (not correctly implemented).
 *   885 - Telnet End Of Record Option
 *   1073 - Telnet window size option.
 *   1143 - The Q Method of Implemeneting TELNET Option
 *   1413 - Identification Protocol (half of it anyway).
 * There is some support for the CHARSET option (RFC 2066), but it is not correct.
 *  MCCPv2 - Mud Client Compression Protocol (depends on zlib).

= Commands =
 * cat [<maxsize>] - sends the test.txt file (up to byte <maxsize>)
 * colourshow - show the 16 ansi colours.
 * colourshow256 - show the 256 xterm colours.
 * eall <text> - sends text to all connected clients (without a prompt afterwards).
 * echo - turn server echo of input on/off.
 * ident - try to look up the user id via IDENT, RFC1413
 * promptall <text> - send text to all connected clients without newline.
 * quit - disconnect
 * sendasis <string> - send the string back on a new line.
 * senddata <hex byte>* - send the bytes back.
 * set <variable> <value> - set a variable.
 * startmsp - start telnet msp option negotiation.
 * startmxp - start telnet mxp option negotiation.
 * stopmccp - finish the zlib stream.
 * telnet - Displays hex codes for some telnet constants.
 * testansi - Various ANSI colour tests.
 * testcc - Various control code sequence tests.
 * testtext - Various text tests.
 * tt - Ask the client for the next terminal type.
 * zmp <cmd> [<args>|\"<arg>\"]* - send a ZMP command.