#summary Release Note for version 0.45
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

Version 0.45 adds a bug fix, a few customisation features, support for code page 437 as well as a command/word completion feature and support for autologin.

= Detailed changelist =
 * Marked text can now be copied as HTML fragments (using span with style attributes to change colour).
 * Added caching of entered commands and words and the ability to complete written commands/words with tab.
 * Added the ability to change the default foreground and background colours.
 * Added the ability to change the colour palette for colour 0..15.
 * The default character set can now be changed to UTF-8 and CP437 (for NetHack's IBMgraphics mode). 
 * Made it possible to change cursor type (vertical line, underline or a block).
 * Made the first page's text be loaded dynamicly (from soiled.txt).
 * Added the ability to enter command line mode when in char-by-char mode. It is quite limited and does not work on all platforms. (Use ctrl-]) so it is not added to the documentation.
 * Added a limited auto-login feature.
 * Change the /font command to only show monospace fonts.
 * Corrected a bug where in some cases the client did not flush its output to the server.
 * The last command and line are stored in variables (but they are not useful for anything yet).
 * Added support for 39 and 49 parameters to SGR (reset foreground and background colours).
 * The UTF mode is restored to default when the terminal is reset.
 * Added support for compiling with Haxe compiler v2.04


= The changes in version 0.44 =

Version 0.44 adds the ability to change the font and open received URLs
in new windows.

= Detailed changelist =

  * Added a "font" command to change font.
  * By setting FONT_SIZE and FONT_NAME variables, one can change the font used during startup.
  * Soiled now supports DECOM, IRM and LNM.
  * Improved the example installation HTML.
  * The installation documentation has been improved.
  * A C-server, MCTS - the MUD Client Test Server, has been added to make it easier to test TELNET/MUD-clients.
  * Some code has been added to detect when the client has no network access due to the security model of the Adobe flash player.
  * A make target has been added to generate API-documentation from the source.
  * The code has been rewritten to be easier to understand.

= The changes in version 0.43  =

Version 0.43 only contains a few, minor changes. It is now stable enough to play and view games at http://nethack.alt.org/

= Detailed changelist =

  * Added support for Reverse Index (RI).
  * Changed the HOME and END keys to work like xterm.

= The changes in version 0.42 =

  * Change the order of the terminal names; put xterm-color first, to make it easy to use the client against public NetHack servers (and other telnetd based services).
  * Changed BACKSPACE and DELETE keys to be like VT220 (and linux console, OS X Terminal) when not in local edit mode; BS sends DEL (127), DEL sends CSI 3 tilde
  * Fixed incorrect escaping of IAC, causing 127 to be escaped instead of 255...
  * Made the initial setting of LOCAL_EDIT be settable from the flash-parameters.
  * Made LOCAL_EDIT be off if in char-by-char mode.
  * Added support for one byte CSI and OSC characters (and they work with UTF-8 too).
  * Implemented the Q-method of TELNET option negotiation to add some extra protection against option-looping when dealing with servers that don't implement the protocol correctly.
  * Optimised pasting some.
  * (Refactored the code some and split it into more classes).